Readme improvements (#216)
ScopeLift/umbra-protocol: README.md

## About

> Umbra is a protocol for stealth payments on the Ethereum blockchain. It enables privacy preserving transactions where **the receiver's identity is only known to the sender and receiver**.

Author: Good catch. Resolved in a7dc681a3012863d7b927b252b1465e261d56816

Consider another example: Liza runs a website that asks for donations. If everyone donated by directly sending her funds, everyone would know how much Liza received in donations. If donations were sent with Umbra instead, each donation would be sent to a different address, and only Liza would know the total amount of donations she received.

#### How does it work?

1. When setting up your Umbra account, users sign a message. The hash of this message is used to generate two private keys—a "spending key" and a "viewing key".
2. The corresponding public keys are both published on-chain as records associated with your ENS or CNS name.
3. A payer uses your ENS or CNS name to look up your two public keys. Separately, the payer generates a random number.

> 4. The random number is used with the spending public key to generate a "stealth address" to send funds to. The same random number is used with the viewing public key to encrypt the random number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The random number is used with the spending public key to generate a "stealth address" to send funds to. The viewing public key is used to encrypt the random number.
```

> 5. Using the Umbra contract, the payer sends funds to the stealth address and the encrypted data is emitted as an Announcement event.

Reviewer: Only one parameter is encrypted, but emitting the stealth address is also important, so perhaps worth clarifying
```suggestion
5. Using the Umbra contract, the payer sends funds to the stealth address and the stealth address and encrypted random number are emitted as an Announcement event.
```

> 6. The receiver scans all Announcement events from the Umbra contract. For each, they use their viewing private key to decrypt the random number, then multiply that number by their spending private key to generate the stealth private key. If the stealth private key controls the address funds were sent to, this payment was for the receiver

Reviewer: A bit more accurate, since tokens are sent to the Umbra contract
```suggestion
6. The receiver scans all Announcement events from the Umbra contract. For each, they use their viewing private key to decrypt the random number, then multiply that number by their spending private key to generate the stealth private key. If the stealth private key controls the stealth address emitted in the Annoucement, this payment was for the receiver
```

> 7. The receiver can now use the private key to either directly send the transaction required to withdraw funds to another address, or sign a meta-transaction to have the withdrawal request processed by a relayer.

Reviewer: Just removing some ambiguity
```suggestion
7. The receiver can now use the spending private key to either directly send the transaction required to withdraw funds to another address, or sign a meta-transaction to have the withdrawal request processed by a relayer.
```

See the [Technical Details: How does it work?](https://app.umbra.cash/faq#how-does-it-work-technical) for more details.

#### How private is Umbra?

Umbra offers a limited set of privacy guarantees and it’s important to understand them before using the protocol. Umbra does not offer "full" privacy like Aztec or Zcash. It simply makes it impossible for any outside observers (i.e. anyone who is not the sender or the receiver) to know who the sender paid by looking at the receiving address.

> It’s important to understand that poor hygiene by the receiver— for example, sending the funds directly to a publicly known address— eliminates the privacy benefits for both the sender and receiver.

Reviewer: Maybe "reduces" instead of "eliminates", because you can claim you withdrew funds to someone else's address, i.e. poor hygiene means it's likely, but not guaranteed, the stealth address owner is also the withdrawal address owner
```suggestion
It’s important to understand that poor hygiene by the receiver— for example, sending the funds directly to a publicly known address— reduces the privacy benefits for both the sender and receiver.
```

#### Where can I learn more?

Check out the [full FAQ](https://app.umbra.cash/faq) to get more details about Umbra.

## Development

This repository uses [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) for package management and [volta](https://volta.sh/) for dev tool version management. Both are prerequisites for setting up your development environment.

### Components

Umbra is a monorepo consisting of 3 packages: @umbra/frontend, @umbra/contracts, and @umbra/umbra-js.

* [frontend](frontend/) — Frontend web3 app for setting up and using Umbra, deployed at [app.umbra.cash](https://app.umbra.cash)
* [contracts](contracts/) — Solidity contracts used in the Umbra Protocol.

> * [umbra-js](umbra-js/) — A JavaScript library for building Umbra-enabled web3 apps in node.js or in the browser.

Reviewer: Optional nit
```suggestion
* [umbra-js](umbra-js/) — A TypeScript library for building Umbra-enabled web3 apps in node.js or in the browser.
```
